BATTLE OF THE NETWORK STARS



You may think that there is no casting couch in Hollywood anymore.  You're
wrong. 

The process of selecting actresses to star in TV series is as old as the
movie industry itself.  If a girl wants a part on a show she has to earn
it by blowing the producer. 

When a show is particularly popular, often times there is a brutal
competition where actresses compete for the lead. 

This is one of those stories. 

Steven Bochblow was producing LAPD BLEW, a new show that would surely win
Emmie awards for everyone involved.  The female lead, that of a sexy and
tough detective, was the most sought after role since Scarlett in GONE
WITH THE WIND. 

Bochblow had narrowed his selection process to five actresses:  Victoria
Preenciple, Vanna Wheat, Loni Underson, Tanya Rawberts, and Heather
Luckleer.  One of these five ladies would get the part.  But which one? 

Bochblow called them all into his office late one night. 

"Look girls, one of you will get this part.  To make things fair, I've set
up a little competition.  Whoever wins gets the part." 

"Fair enough," said Victoria, sizing up the competition.  She thought Loni
was too old to be able to win.  She ruled out both Vanna Wheat and Tanya
Rawberts as being too used up to have a chance.  Luckleer was her
competition. 

"We'll have three rounds of competition," Bochblow said.  "Two of you will
be cut after round one.  Then one more after round two.  Finally round
three will have the two remaining ladies face off in a head-to-head
competition.  Literally." 

Tanya Rawberts nodded, and drooled about the possibility of having
Bochblow's dick in her mouth.  If she could do that, she knew she would
win.  Nobody blew better than her.  That's how she got her role on
CHARLEE'S DEVILS. 

"Round one is a lingerie contest.  Pick out whatever you like from
wardrobe.  You'll each have five minutes to show off your wares.  The two
of you who don't turn me on get canned." 

"Let's get on with this," said Heather Luckleer.  She was impatient.  She
hated these competitions.  But she was good at it.  She had won parts on
Die-Nasty, BJ Hooker and Melrows Face because of her unique sexual
abilities.  This would be no different.  She knew she would win. 

At that moment, Loni started to cry.  "I'm sorry," said Loni, "but I was
thinking of Bert." 

Bert Dreynolds.  Her former husband. 

Everyone nodded, but no one cared. 

"Let's get on with this," Bochblow said. 





They drew straws and Vanna Wheat was to go first.  She selected a pink
camisole with a low-cut front and a zipper running down the back.  She
entered Bochblow's office and began to dance.  She moved her hips and
cupped her breasts in her hands. 

"You're boring me," Bochblow said. 

"Sorry," Vanna sighed.  She wasn't all that good at being sexy.  Sure, she
had a great body, but turning letters was the most sexual thing she could
think of doing.  She was never able to use her celebrity to become a
successful actress.  She just couldn' t compete with actresses who knew
how to ooze sex appeal. 

"Show me your tits," Bochblow said. 

Vanna lowered the camisole and pulled out her tits.  They were not as
large as Bochblow had hoped, and were sagging. 

Knowing that she was losing the competition, Vanna unzipped the back of
her camisole and slowly revealed her nude ass.  She leaned over, giving
Bochblow a view of her labia. 

"That's it?" Bochblow asked, unimpressed. 

"Yes." 

"Don't call us, we'll call you." 





Loni was next.  She walked into the office wearing a corset, stockings,
and a long opened gown. 

"What are you, fucking crazy?" Bochblow asked.  "You're dressed like my
mother." 

"Bert always liked me in this." 

"I don't know how you got that job on WQRZ IN WISCONSIN." 

Loni slowly unbuttoned the front of her corset and whipped out her 38DD's. 
"They used to be larger before the breast reduction surgery.  42DD's. 
Want to see a picture?" 

"Aren't you going to dance around or anything?" 

"No.  Don't I have great tits?  What else could you possibly want?" 

"Loni, you have great tits.  But you're too much like my mother.  Maybe
some other time." 





With two contestants already eliminated, he hoped that the remaining
ladies would be adequate to move on to the next level of competition.  He
was not disappointed. 

Victoria Preenciple was outstanding for a woman her age.  Her skin care
cream had done wonders to keep her young looking.  And her body was as
good as ever.  Her large breasts were just barely covered by flimsy silk
fabric.  When she leaned over, her larg e brown nipples slipped out of the
lingerie.  She swayed back and forth, shaking her tits in the process. 

Tanya Rawberts really gave Bochblow a hard-on.  She began wearing a
cheerleaders uniform, quickly shedding pom poms and skirt for a tight
satin nightie.  Pantyless, she rubbed herself and slowly inserted one wet
finger into her cunt.  Bochblow was rock ha rd. 

And when Heather Luckleer came into his office wearing the tiniest hot
pink teddy, he had to pull out his pecker to give it room to grow.  A real
pro, Heather knew how to dance.  She mounted a chair and rubbed the arm
against her clit.  She gyrated her hi ps in a sexual simulation.  As
Heather slid aside the fabric over her pussy and began rubbing her cute
twat, Bochblow jerked himself off.  After he came, Heather mopped up his
spunk with her teddy, and then shoved the moist fabric into her pussy. 
Bochblow gave her extra points for creativity. 





Stage two of the contest would eliminate one of these awesome girls.  It
took place the next day in the backyard of Bochblow's estate by the pool. 
Victoria, Heather, and Tanya showed up in bathing suits, ready to do
whatever it takes to get the part. 

"Stage two is a pussy-licking contest.  Or should I say cuntest."  The
three girls laughed at his joke. 

"I want you guys to eat each other out.  Really have fun.  I'll decide
which two of you are best at it.  The third girl gets the boot. 
Understood?  Let's go!" 

Victoria knew that being older than the other girls gave her a real
disadvantage.  She would have to be aggressive to make up the difference. 
Taking Heather by surprise, Victoria pushed the blonde down to the ground
and yanked off her bikini briefs.  Hea ther had a perfectly trimmed blonde
pussy.  Victoria dove in and started licking, massaging Heather's clit
with her tongue.  Then she massaged Heather's clit with her fingers as she
explored the inside of her cunt with her tongue.  Heather was moaning wit
h delight.  Victoria knew she was scoring points.  She kept at it. 

Not to be outdone, Tanya snuck her head between Victoria's legs and went
for her pussy.  Tanya ripped the fabric of Victoria's one-piece swimsuit,
revealing her very hairy dark pubes.  Using her teeth, Tanya chewed on
Victoria's large clit until Victoria started to scream.  Then she moved to
Victoria's asshole and gave her a rim job.  She alternated between her
asshole and her cunt until Victoria was dripping wet. 

Heather was in ecstasy.  On the verge of having an orgasm, she realized
that while she was having the time of her life, she was losing the
competition.  She was being scored on pussy-licking, not having her pussy
licked!  So Heather shoved Victoria away f rom her twat just moments
before coming.  It was a good thing, too.  No sense in using her secret
weapon now.  She needed to save that for the final round. 

Heather dove on top on Tanya, pulling her bikini briefs down to her
ankles.  "The only time I ever lost a part," Heather said to Tanya, "was
when you beat me out for CHARLEE'S DEVILS.  That's not going to happen
this time."  Heather attacked Tanya's shave d pussy with a vengeance.  She
would not let this cunt beat her.  Not again. 

Meanwhile, Tanya discarded Victoria's pussy for Heather's.  The two girls
were 69'ing and really getting each other excited.  Victoria tried to
break them loose but she could not.  It was a grudge match between these
two girls, and neither was about to be
 the pussy licker who didn't win. 

Victoria desperately slipped off her ripped swimsuit and shoved her tits
into Heather's ass.  She shoved her erect nipples as far as she could up
Heather's bung hole. 

"Nice try," said Bochblow, knowing that Victoria was well on her way to
losing the competition. 

Meanwhile, Bochblow had his dick out and was stroking it.  It looked like
a good fight between Heather and Tanya, and he was looking forward to
round three.  He imagined who would be better, Heather or Tanya. 

Tanya looked up from her cunt licking long enough to see Bochblow yanking
his crank.  She thought this would be her big opportunity.  Once he knew
how good she was at suction, she would win the contest. 

Tanya stood up leaving behind an annoyed Heather Luckleer.  "Where are you
going, you fucking cunt?" Heather asked. 

"Forget her," Victoria said, moving in on the opportunity.  "I bet you
can't make me come." 

"Bet I can!" Heather said as she let Victoria lie down on top of her. 
"Oof!  A little heavy, aren't you?" 

"Bitch!" said Victoria as she started to lap up Heather's already wet
pussy. 

Heather was a little distracted having Victoria's big tits bouncing up and
down on her stomach.  She ignored it, though, and started to lick. 
Victoria had already dried up.  Heather had a lot of work to do. 

Meanwhile, Tanya kneeled in front of Bochblow and took his dick in her
hand.  "I'm even better at giving head than licking cunt!" she said.  With
that, she opened her moist lips and moved all the way down on Bochblow's
cock.  He groaned as his dick was en cased in her warm mouth.  Then while
still deep throating him she started to move her tongue up and down the
shaft.  This was indeed a great blow job. 

Meanwhile, Heather and Victoria kept licking away.  Heather was no longer
afraid she'd accidentally use her secret weapon, because Victoria just
wasn't that good at eating her twat.  Not half as good as Tanya. 

Victoria, on the other hand, came three times.  Each time was stronger
than the first.  Heather's face was coated with her juices.  She hadn't
had it this good since her days on Southfuck Ranch.  That Loosey Eewing
was one good pussy licker. 

Tanya's head bobbed up and down on Bochblow's root.  He was getting closer
and closer to coming each time.  Finally he couldn't last any longer.  He
pushed Tanya's head aside and stroked himself to orgasm.  He held Tanya's
head so he came directly in her face.  He shot out six steady streams of
goo until her face was covered with cum.  Then she licked his shaft clean. 

"Nice work ladies," Bochblow said.  "You all did good work." 

"So who gets eliminated?" Victoria asked.  She had a bad feeling that it
would be her. 

"Tanya loses," Bochblow said. 

Shocked, Tanya got up of her knees.  "But I blew you like you never been
blown before!" 

"You forgot the rules, Tanya.  It was a pussy-licking contest.  You give
great head, no doubt about it.  But I didn't see much pussy licking.  And
even though you lick cunt better than Victoria, you're still
disqualified." 

"Shit!" Tanya shouted.  "You're an asshole!" 

The other ladies smiled, and then sized each other up.  It was down to
two.  Heather was younger and cuter.  And she had a secret weapon.  But
Victoria had two great assets.  Her tits.  Anything could happen. 





The final phase of the competition took place on the TV show set.  They
would begin shooting as soon as someone won the contest.  Bochblow cleared
the set.  He was alone with Heather and Victoria. 

"Girls, this is the final competition.  The rules are simple.  Whoever is
better at giving head wins.  That's it." 

"There's no way I'll lose this contest," Heather said.  She made the first
move by moving Bochblow against a wall and unzipping his pants.  She
slipped down his pants and pulled his pecker out of his briefs.  As she
popped the pecker in her mouth, it was still soft.  That didn't last long. 
In seconds, he was rock hard.  Heather could feel it growing, filling up
her mouth.  She deep throated his shaft, then paused to run her lips along
his dick. 

Victoria shoved Heather aside and grabbed hold of the pecker.  She moved
it lovingly in and out of her mouth, each time hesitating to deep throat
for fear of gagging.  "Come on!" said Bochblow.  "Take the whole thing
in!"  Reluctantly, Victoria took his c ock all the way in her mouth.  His
tip jammed against the back of her throat and she gagged. 

"Amateur hour," Heather said, taking control of the cock once again.  Deep
throating like a pro, Heather had Bochblow right where she wanted him. 

Victoria knew she had to do something, and fast.  She pulled off her
blouse and kneeled down alongside Bochblow.  She elbowed Heather aside and
rubbed his dick in her cleavage.  Her tits looked incredible while still
trapped in her bra.  Then she undid he r bra and rubbed his dick in her
tits. 

"Nice," said Bochblow, "but remember this is a blow job competition.  Not
a titty fucking competition." 

With that reminder, Victoria played out her last hand.  She simultaneously
tit-fucked and sucked off Bochblow.  She moved his dick in and out of her
tits that she held smashed together.  Then she sucked the tip of his penis
during each thrust.  This move was fair play, and Victoria took the lead
for the first time. 

"Shit," said Heather, knowing she would have to use her secret weapon. 
She ripped open her mini-skirt at the front, revealing her panties.  Then
she ripped off the panties, squatted, and licked her finger.  She massaged
her clit over and over and over. 

Meanwhile, Victoria moved Bochblow down to the floor, making her
tit-fucking and sucking much easier.  Both Bochblow and Victoria wondered
what Heather was up to. 

Heather continued to rub her clit, getting deeper and deeper into ecstasy. 
Finally, she made her move. 

Heather shoved Victoria aside just as fingering her clit triggered an
orgasm.  Squatting over Bochblow's dick, Heather came, squirting out
spurts of clear fluid over his cock. 

This was her secret weapon.  When she came, she ejaculated.  Few women on
the planet could do that.  Heather was one of them. 

This so excited Bochblow that when Heather immediately began licking her
own juices off of his rod, he forgot all about the tit-boffing. 

Heather licked, sucked, and jacked his root, until he couldn't hold back
any longer.  He came with his dick in her hand, with the tip pressed
against her pursed lips.  His jizz shot into the air like Old Faithful,
landing all over Heather's hair, in her eyes, and on her nose. 

Heather had won the competition. 





So Heather won the role on LAPD BLEW, and also won an Emmie for her role. 
It seems that the Emmie voters also liked her ejaculations, which she
performed for each and every one. 

Poor Victoria lost the role, but don't despair.  She got the chance to
star in MODELS PINK, in a competition with Emma Gamms, Linda Cunter,
Markee Toast, and Marilu Jenner.  But that's another story for another
day. 
